<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html">
<h:head>
	<meta name="Author" content="Sergio Rojo Herrero" />
	<meta name="Description"
		content="This is my project to learn JSF following the magnificient tutorial availble on http://www.coreservlets.com/" />
	<meta name="keywords"
		content="Java, Java EE, JEE, J2EE, FOSS, FLOSS, Tomcat, Eclipse" />
	<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="./css/main.css" type="text/css" />
	<title>My Way to Learn JSF</title>
</h:head>
<h:body>
	<div class="header">
		<h1>Hello and Wellcome</h1>
		<p>Here are the exercises I did to learn JSF</p>
		<p>
			I'm follow the wonderful tutorial available on <a
				href="http://www.coreservlets.com/JSF-Tutorial/jsf2/"
				title="Link to the tutorial homepage">JSF 2 with Facelets, Ajax,
				and PrimeFaces</a>
		</p>
	</div>
	<div class="content">

		<!--  -->

		<div class="lesson">
			<h2>Programming Basics</h2>
			<p>These to exercise are "doped", because I use methods teached
				in following lessons</p>
			<div class="exercise">
				<h3>Exercise 1</h3>
				<div class="description">
					<p>Implement the following navigation flow. You start at a.jsf,
						press a button, and randomly get either b.jsf or defeat.jsf. From
						page b, after pressing a button you randomly get c.jsf or
						defeat.jsf. From page c, after pressing a button you randomly get
						vi ctory.jsf or defeat.jsf.</p>
				</div>
				<div class="link-div-contaner">
					<h:link outcome="/pb/a" value="Let's go to the Game"
						styleClass="exercise-link" />
				</div>
			</div>
			<div class="exercise">
				<h3>Exercise 2</h3>
				<p>Make a page that collects a first name and a last name. If
					either the first or last name is missing (i.e., an empty string),
					show an error page. If both the names are there, go to a results
					page</p>
				<div class="link-div-contaner">
					<h:link outcome="/pb/name-input" value="Go to the Registering Name"
						styleClass="exercise-link" />
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>

		<!--  -->

		<div class="lesson">
			<h2>Manage Beans I</h2>
			<div class="exercise">
				<h3>Exercise 1</h3>
				<p>Make a form to gather an employee name, employee ID, and the
					name of a health plan to sign up for. If all three values are
					present (i.e., are something other than empty strings), display a
					confirmation page that says “You are registered for the health
					plan” and that shows the name, ID, and health plan. If any of the
					inputs are missing, display a page that says “Missing Input Data”.</p>
				<div class="link-div-contaner">
					<h:link value="Health Plan v1" outcome="/mb1/input-health-plan1"
						styleClass="exercise-link" />
				</div>
			</div>
			<div class="exercise">
				<h3>Exercise 2</h3>
				<p>Make a new form that works similarly to the old one. This
					time, however, verify that the health plan entered is really one of
					the available health plans. Give an error message (e.g., “CMS Prime
					is not an available health plan”) for unknown health plans. In the
					confirmation page, also show the monthly premium and contact phone
					number for that health plan (in addition to the data shown
					earlier). This requirement means that you need some simple business
					logic to map a health plan name to a HealthPlan object.</p>
				<div class="link-div-contaner">
					<h:link outcome="/mb1/input-health-plan2" value="Health Plan v2"
						styleClass="exercise-link" />
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>

		<!--  -->

		<div class="lesson">
			<h2>Manage Beans II</h2>
			<div class="exercise">
				<h3>Exercise 3</h3>
				<p>Make an app where you select one of three names (Cay, David,
					Marty) and show the selection in the results page. Use a listbox or
					set of radio buttons, not a dropdown menu. Be sure there is an
					initial selection.</p>
				<div class="link-div-contaner">
					<h:link outcome="/mb2/name-selection1" value="Name Selection v1"
						styleClass="exercise-link" />
				</div>
			</div>
			<div class="exercise">
				<h3>Exercise 4</h3>
				<div>
					<p>Make a similar app, but with two differences</p>
					<ul>
						<li>Use a dropdown menu</li>
						<li>Select among Cay, David, and Marty, but for the results,
							show one of Cay Horstmann, David Geary, or Marty Hall.</li>
					</ul>
				</div>
				<div class="link-div-contaner">
					<div class="link-div">
						<h:link outcome="/mb2/name-selection2" value="Name Selection v2" />
					</div>
				</div>
			</div>
			<div class="exercise">
				<h3>Exercise 5</h3>
				<h4>Not yet finished</h4>
				<div>
					<p>Copy your code for the health plan from the previous set of
						exercises. However, instead of using a textfield for the health
						care provider, provide a drop down menu that shows a list of the
						available options.</p>
				</div>
				<div class="link-div-contaner">
					<div class="link-div">
						<h:link outcome="/mb2/healthplan-input"
							value="Health Plan with list menus" />
					</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>

		<!--  -->

		<div class="lesson">
			<h2>Manage Beans III</h2>
			<div class="exercise">
				<h3>Exercise 1</h3>
				<p>Make a form that collects a preferred fo reground and
					background color. Display all of the pages in the
					a-b-c-victory-defeat a pp in those colors. Ig nore empty strings,
					and don’t let the foreground and background colors be the same.</p>
				<div class="link-div-contaner">
					<div class="link-div">
						<h:link outcome="/mb3/color-selection" value="Let's go" />
					</div>
				</div>
			</div>
			<div class="exercise">
				<h3>Exercise 2</h3>
				<p>Make a form that collects a search query and randomly shows
					either the Google results (https://www.google.co m/#q=blah) or the
					Bing results (http://www.bing.com/ search?q=blah).</p>
				<div class="link-div-contaner">
					<div class="link-div">
						<h:link outcome="/mb3/search-form" value="Let's go" />
					</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
		<!--  -->
	</div>
</h:body>
</html>